prompts/react.md, before:

# OpenFeature React SDK Installation Prompt

You are helping to install and configure the OpenFeature React SDK for React web applications. This guide focuses on installing and wiring up the OpenFeature SDK. If no provider is specified, default to the simple `InMemoryProvider` to get started.

**Do not use this for:**

- Next.js applications (use a Next.js-specific guide)
- React Native apps (use the React Native SDK instead)
- Non-React JavaScript applications (use `javascript.md` instead)
- Server-side React rendering without a browser context

## Required Information

Before proceeding, confirm:

- [ ] React 16.8+ is installed
- [ ] Your package manager (npm, yarn, pnpm)
- [ ] Which file is your entry point (`src/main.tsx`, `src/index.tsx`, or `src/App.tsx`)?
- [ ] Do you want to install any provider(s) alongside the OpenFeature React SDK? If yes, list the provider package names now. If not provided, this guide will use `InMemoryProvider`.
- [ ] Do you want to combine multiple providers into a single client? If yes, plan to use the Multi-Provider (see Advanced section) and install `@openfeature/multi-provider-web`.

Reference: OpenFeature React SDK docs [OpenFeature React SDK](https://openfeature.dev/docs/reference/technologies/client/web/react).

## Installation Steps

### 1. Install the OpenFeature React SDK

```bash
# npm
npm install --save @openfeature/react-sdk

# yarn (install peer deps explicitly)
yarn add @openfeature/react-sdk @openfeature/web-sdk @openfeature/core

# pnpm (install peer deps explicitly)
pnpm add @openfeature/react-sdk @openfeature/web-sdk @openfeature/core
```

Required peer dependencies (per docs):

- `@openfeature/web-sdk`
- `react`

Import everything from `@openfeature/react-sdk` (it re-exports web/core) [OpenFeature React SDK](https://openfeature.dev/docs/reference/technologies/client/web/react).

### 2. Set up OpenFeature with the InMemoryProvider (default)

Add this to your entry point or `App` component file.

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import { OpenFeatureProvider, OpenFeature, InMemoryProvider } from '@openfeature/react-sdk';

const flagConfig = {
  'new-message': {
    disabled: false,
    variants: {
      on: true,
      off: false,
    },
    defaultVariant: 'off',
    contextEvaluator: (context) => {
      if (context.silly) {
        return 'on';
      }
      return 'off';
    },
  },
};

// Replace with provider from: https://openfeature.dev/ecosystem/?instant_search%5BrefinementList%5D%5BallTechnologies%5D%5B0%5D=React
const inMemoryProvider = new InMemoryProvider(flagConfig);

// Optionally await readiness: await OpenFeature.setProviderAndWait(inMemoryProvider);
OpenFeature.setProvider(inMemoryProvider);

function App() {
  return (
    <OpenFeatureProvider>
      <div className="App">
        <h1>My React App with OpenFeature</h1>
      </div>
    </OpenFeatureProvider>
  );
}

export default App;
```

Note: You do not need to await provider initialization; the React SDK will handle re-rendering and suspense when the provider is ready [OpenFeature React SDK](https://openfeature.dev/docs/reference/technologies/client/web/react).

### 3. Evaluate flags with hooks

```javascript
import { useFlag, useBooleanFlagValue } from '@openfeature/react-sdk';

function Page() {
  const { value: showNewMessage } = useFlag('new-message', false);
  const isOn = useBooleanFlagValue('new-message', false);

  return <>{showNewMessage && isOn ? <p>Welcome!</p> : <p>Hello</p>}</>;
}
```

### 4. Update the evaluation context

```javascript
import { OpenFeature } from '@openfeature/react-sdk';

async function onLogin(userId, email) {
  await OpenFeature.setContext({ targetingKey: userId, email, authenticated: true });
}

async function onLogout() {
  await OpenFeature.setContext({ targetingKey: `anon-${Date.now()}`, anonymous: true });
}
```

## Optional advanced usage

### Multi-Provider (combine multiple providers)

If you want a single OpenFeature client that aggregates multiple providers, use the Multi-Provider. Compose providers in precedence order and pick a strategy (e.g., FirstMatch) to decide which provider's result is used.

- Spec: [Multi-Provider](https://openfeature.dev/specification/appendix-a/#multi-provider)
- Web package: `@openfeature/multi-provider-web` ([reference](https://github.com/open-feature/js-sdk-contrib/tree/main/libs/providers/multi-provider-web))

Install:

```bash
# npm
npm install --save @openfeature/multi-provider-web

# yarn
yarn add @openfeature/multi-provider-web

# pnpm
pnpm add @openfeature/multi-provider-web
```

Example:

```javascript
import { OpenFeature, InMemoryProvider } from '@openfeature/react-sdk';
import { MultiProvider, FirstMatchStrategy } from '@openfeature/multi-provider-web';

// Compose providers in precedence order (first match wins)
const multiProvider = new MultiProvider(
  [
    { provider: new InMemoryProvider(flagConfig), name: 'in-memory' },
    // { provider: new SomeOtherProvider({ ... }), name: 'vendor' }
  ],
  new FirstMatchStrategy()
);

// Optionally await readiness: await OpenFeature.setProviderAndWait(multiProvider);
OpenFeature.setProvider(multiProvider);
```

### Re-rendering with context changes

Control whether components re-render when the evaluation context changes (e.g., on login or user attribute updates).

```javascript
import { useFlag } from '@openfeature/react-sdk';

function Page() {
  const { value } = useFlag('new-message', false, { updateOnContextChanged: true });
  return <>{value ? 'New' : 'Old'}</>;
}
```

### Re-rendering with flag configuration changes

Control whether components re-render when the underlying provider reports configuration changes (e.g., flags updated remotely).

```javascript
import { useFlag } from '@openfeature/react-sdk';

function Page() {
  const { value } = useFlag('new-message', false, { updateOnConfigurationChanged: true });
  return <>{value ? 'New' : 'Old'}</>;
}
```

### Suspense support

Optionally suspend rendering until the provider is ready or during context reconciliation; useful for showing loading states around flag-dependent UI.

```javascript
import { Suspense } from 'react';
import { useSuspenseFlag } from '@openfeature/react-sdk';

function Content() {
  return (
    <Suspense fallback={<p>Loading...</p>}>
      <Message />
    </Suspense>
  );
}

function Message() {
  const { value } = useSuspenseFlag('new-message', false);
  return <>{value ? <p>Welcome!</p> : <p>Hello</p>}</>;
}
```

### Tracking

Associate user actions with flag evaluations using a provider-agnostic tracking API via `useTrack`.

```javascript
import { useTrack } from '@openfeature/react-sdk';

function MyComponent() {
  const { track } = useTrack();
  track('clicked-cta', { cta: 'signup' });
  return null;
}
```

### Testing

Use `OpenFeatureTestProvider` to supply default or explicit flag values and simulate readiness delays in component tests.

```javascript
import { OpenFeatureTestProvider } from '@openfeature/react-sdk';

// default values only
<OpenFeatureTestProvider>
  <MyComponent />
</OpenFeatureTestProvider>

// control values
<OpenFeatureTestProvider flagValueMap={{ 'my-boolean-flag': true }}>
  <MyComponent />
</OpenFeatureTestProvider>
```

## Troubleshooting

- **Suspense boundary error**: Add a `<Suspense>` boundary around components using flags, or disable suspend options in hooks/provider [OpenFeature React SDK](https://openfeature.dev/docs/reference/technologies/client/web/react).
- **Unexpected mount/hide behavior with React 16/17**: Prefer React 18 for Concurrent Suspense, or gate siblings with `useWhenProviderReady`.
- **Multiple providers share state**: Set a distinct `domain` on each `OpenFeatureProvider`.
- **Imports**: Import from `@openfeature/react-sdk` (it re-exports web/core).

## Next steps

- If you want a real provider, specify which provider(s) to install now; otherwise continue with `InMemoryProvider`.
- Add more flags and wire UI with `useFlag`/typed hooks.
- Consider tracking with `useTrack` and add tests with `OpenFeatureTestProvider`.

## Helpful resources

- OpenFeature React SDK docs: [OpenFeature React SDK](https://openfeature.dev/docs/reference/technologies/client/web/react)

## Support

- Check the documentation linked above
- Ask questions in the OpenFeature community

Commit message:

feat: add OpenFeature Web SDK guide and update React guide step descriptions

prompts/react.md, after:

# OpenFeature React SDK Installation Prompt

You are helping to install and configure the OpenFeature React SDK for React web applications. This guide focuses on installing and wiring up the OpenFeature SDK. If no provider is specified, default to the simple `InMemoryProvider` to get started.

**Do not use this for:**

- Next.js applications (use a Next.js-specific guide)
- React Native apps (use the React Native SDK instead)
- Non-React JavaScript applications (use `javascript.md` instead)
- Server-side React rendering without a browser context

## Required Information

Before proceeding, confirm:

- [ ] React 16.8+ is installed
- [ ] Your package manager (npm, yarn, pnpm)
- [ ] Which file is your entry point (`src/main.tsx`, `src/index.tsx`, or `src/App.tsx`)?
- [ ] Do you want to install any provider(s) alongside the OpenFeature React SDK? If yes, list the provider package names now. If not provided, this guide will use `InMemoryProvider`.
- [ ] Do you want to combine multiple providers into a single client? If yes, plan to use the Multi-Provider (see Advanced section) and install `@openfeature/multi-provider-web`.

Reference: OpenFeature React SDK docs [OpenFeature React SDK](https://openfeature.dev/docs/reference/technologies/client/web/react).

## Installation Steps

### 1. Install the OpenFeature React SDK

Install the React SDK and required peer dependencies.

```bash
# npm
npm install --save @openfeature/react-sdk

# yarn (install peer deps explicitly)
yarn add @openfeature/react-sdk @openfeature/web-sdk @openfeature/core

# pnpm (install peer deps explicitly)
pnpm add @openfeature/react-sdk @openfeature/web-sdk @openfeature/core
```

Required peer dependencies (per docs):

- `@openfeature/web-sdk`
- `react`

Import everything from `@openfeature/react-sdk` (it re-exports web/core) [OpenFeature React SDK](https://openfeature.dev/docs/reference/technologies/client/web/react).

### 2. Set up OpenFeature with the InMemoryProvider (default)

Initialize OpenFeature early and set the in-memory provider for local/example use.

Add this to your entry point or `App` component file.

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import { OpenFeatureProvider, OpenFeature, InMemoryProvider } from '@openfeature/react-sdk';

const flagConfig = {
  'new-message': {
    disabled: false,
    variants: {
      on: true,
      off: false,
    },
    defaultVariant: 'off',
    contextEvaluator: (context) => {
      if (context.silly) {
        return 'on';
      }
      return 'off';
    },
  },
};

// Replace with provider from: https://openfeature.dev/ecosystem/?instant_search%5BrefinementList%5D%5BallTechnologies%5D%5B0%5D=React
const inMemoryProvider = new InMemoryProvider(flagConfig);

// Optionally await readiness: await OpenFeature.setProviderAndWait(inMemoryProvider);
OpenFeature.setProvider(inMemoryProvider);

function App() {
  return (
    <OpenFeatureProvider>
      <div className="App">
        <h1>My React App with OpenFeature</h1>
      </div>
    </OpenFeatureProvider>
  );
}

export default App;
```

Note: You do not need to await provider initialization; the React SDK will handle re-rendering and suspense when the provider is ready [OpenFeature React SDK](https://openfeature.dev/docs/reference/technologies/client/web/react).

### 3. Evaluate flags with hooks

Use React hooks to read feature flags and react to changes.

```javascript
import { useFlag, useBooleanFlagValue } from '@openfeature/react-sdk';

function Page() {
  const { value: showNewMessage } = useFlag('new-message', false);
  const isOn = useBooleanFlagValue('new-message', false);

  return <>{showNewMessage && isOn ? <p>Welcome!</p> : <p>Hello</p>}</>;
}
```

### 4. Update the evaluation context

Provide user attributes via the evaluation context to enable user targeting of your feature flags.

```javascript
import { OpenFeature } from '@openfeature/react-sdk';

async function onLogin(userId, email) {
  await OpenFeature.setContext({ targetingKey: userId, email, authenticated: true });
}

async function onLogout() {
  await OpenFeature.setContext({ targetingKey: `anon-${Date.now()}`, anonymous: true });
}
```

## Optional advanced usage

### Multi-Provider (combine multiple providers)

If you want a single OpenFeature client that aggregates multiple providers, use the Multi-Provider. Compose providers in precedence order and pick a strategy (e.g., FirstMatch) to decide which provider's result is used.

- Spec: [Multi-Provider](https://openfeature.dev/specification/appendix-a/#multi-provider)
- Web package: `@openfeature/multi-provider-web` ([reference](https://github.com/open-feature/js-sdk-contrib/tree/main/libs/providers/multi-provider-web))

Install:

```bash
# npm
npm install --save @openfeature/multi-provider-web

# yarn
yarn add @openfeature/multi-provider-web

# pnpm
pnpm add @openfeature/multi-provider-web
```

Example:

```javascript
import { OpenFeature, InMemoryProvider } from '@openfeature/react-sdk';
import { MultiProvider, FirstMatchStrategy } from '@openfeature/multi-provider-web';

// Compose providers in precedence order (first match wins)
const multiProvider = new MultiProvider(
  [
    { provider: new InMemoryProvider(flagConfig), name: 'in-memory' },
    // { provider: new SomeOtherProvider({ ... }), name: 'vendor' }
  ],
  new FirstMatchStrategy()
);

// Optionally await readiness: await OpenFeature.setProviderAndWait(multiProvider);
OpenFeature.setProvider(multiProvider);
```

### Re-rendering with context changes

Control whether components re-render when the evaluation context changes (e.g., on login or user attribute updates).

```javascript
import { useFlag } from '@openfeature/react-sdk';

function Page() {
  const { value } = useFlag('new-message', false, { updateOnContextChanged: true });
  return <>{value ? 'New' : 'Old'}</>;
}
```

### Re-rendering with flag configuration changes

Control whether components re-render when the underlying provider reports configuration changes (e.g., flags updated remotely).

```javascript
import { useFlag } from '@openfeature/react-sdk';

function Page() {
  const { value } = useFlag('new-message', false, { updateOnConfigurationChanged: true });
  return <>{value ? 'New' : 'Old'}</>;
}
```

### Suspense support

Optionally suspend rendering until the provider is ready or during context reconciliation; useful for showing loading states around flag-dependent UI.

```javascript
import { Suspense } from 'react';
import { useSuspenseFlag } from '@openfeature/react-sdk';

function Content() {
  return (
    <Suspense fallback={<p>Loading...</p>}>
      <Message />
    </Suspense>
  );
}

function Message() {
  const { value } = useSuspenseFlag('new-message', false);
  return <>{value ? <p>Welcome!</p> : <p>Hello</p>}</>;
}
```

### Tracking

Associate user actions with flag evaluations using a provider-agnostic tracking API via `useTrack`.

```javascript
import { useTrack } from '@openfeature/react-sdk';

function MyComponent() {
  const { track } = useTrack();
  track('clicked-cta', { cta: 'signup' });
  return null;
}
```

### Testing

Use `OpenFeatureTestProvider` to supply default or explicit flag values and simulate readiness delays in component tests.

```javascript
import { OpenFeatureTestProvider } from '@openfeature/react-sdk';

// default values only
<OpenFeatureTestProvider>
  <MyComponent />
</OpenFeatureTestProvider>

// control values
<OpenFeatureTestProvider flagValueMap={{ 'my-boolean-flag': true }}>
  <MyComponent />
</OpenFeatureTestProvider>
```

## Troubleshooting

- **Suspense boundary error**: Add a `<Suspense>` boundary around components using flags, or disable suspend options in hooks/provider [OpenFeature React SDK](https://openfeature.dev/docs/reference/technologies/client/web/react).
- **Unexpected mount/hide behavior with React 16/17**: Prefer React 18 for Concurrent Suspense, or gate siblings with `useWhenProviderReady`.
- **Multiple providers share state**: Set a distinct `domain` on each `OpenFeatureProvider`.
- **Imports**: Import from `@openfeature/react-sdk` (it re-exports web/core).

## Next steps

- If you want a real provider, specify which provider(s) to install now; otherwise continue with `InMemoryProvider`.
- Add more flags and wire UI with `useFlag`/typed hooks.
- Consider tracking with `useTrack` and add tests with `OpenFeatureTestProvider`.

## Helpful resources

- OpenFeature React SDK docs: [OpenFeature React SDK](https://openfeature.dev/docs/reference/technologies/client/web/react)

## Support

- Check the documentation linked above
- Ask questions in the OpenFeature community
